This huge PR adds proper SEO to all articles in the docs for better search engine indexing (#162)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/python/examples/tools/managing-golem-wallet.md

---
title: Managing Your Golem Wallet and Yagna for Mainnet 

> description: Guide to managing Golem wallet and Yagna for receiving and sending mainnet payments, configuring networks, and generating app-keys. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Instructions on how to manage Golem wallet and Yagna for receiving and sending mainnet payments, configure networks, and generate app-keys. 
```

> pageTitle: Golem Wallet & Yagna Mainnet Management - Payment Setup Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pageTitle: Golem Wallet & Yagna Mainnet Management - Payment Setup Instructions
```
